kid
Now the world is nine points
We have one.
All ministers
If the two courtiers are exempt
Even if the dragon master comes
You have to respect us for three points.
And who are you?
How dare you speak so wildly
I, Li Ruyun, can have today
And the Li family can become the Zhengzhou family today
All by ourselves
What poor
You are far away
This is nonsense.
Good one on your own
Also delusional
I see you are really cocooned
Are you the one who is suicidal?
I advise you to go where you came from
You really don't fulfill the marriage contract, what nonsense marriage contract?
I'll tell you what.
Three days later, I asked the Virgin to rule.
Break your engagement
When you divorced, you nine clans went to the Shenshan to worship the fairy aunt
Make an oath
I want to ask now
Aren't you afraid of the sky shaking?
Your trick
You can also deceive a 3-year-old child
We don't believe it
We have a feast for wine
Invite the saint to bow down for us
wine wedding
Wine and foot feast
Okay, save me from frying one by one
See you in three days.
sir
What happened back then?
Back then, our nine patriarchs
It is indeed useful to go to the sacred mountain to worship the fairy aunt
And there's something in the deed.
How can that be?
Breach of contract
Are you going to be licked?
Auntie, don't worry.
After three days, I asked the saint to call the shots.
Tear up the marriage
Let the saint call the shots for us
Dad, you don't have to worry
Guaranteed by the Virgin
Don't be afraid of this
Dad?
gentlemen